   1.What are the benefits of using CSS?
  >(1) Faster Page Speed. More code means slower page speed. ...
   (2) Better User Experience. CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, it also allows for user-friendly formatting. ...
   (3) Quicker Development Time. ...
   (4) Easy Formatting Changes. ...
   (5) Compatibility Across Devices.

  2.What are the disadvantages of CSS?
  > Confusion due to many CSS levels. Beginners are more vulnerable to this issue.
    Cross-Browser Issues. Different browsers work differently.
    Security Issues. Security is important in today's world driven by technology and data.
    Extra Work for Developers.

 3.What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
 > Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, 
   CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, 
   which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.

 4.Name a few CSS style components
 > font-size.
   width.
   background-color.
   color.
   border.
 5.What do you understand by CSS opacity?
 > the degree to which content behind an element is hidden,
   and is the opposite of transparency.

 6.How can the background color of an element be changed?
 > use the CSS background-color property 
	
 7.How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
 > use the background-repeat property.

 8.What is the use of the background-position property?
 >sets the starting position of a background image.
 
 9.Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
 >background-attachment 
 
 10.Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
 >It enhances the legibility of style sheets
 
 11.How to center block elements using CSS1?
 >make use of the <center> tag

 12.How to maintain the CSS specifications?


 13.What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
 > use Inline CSS in a style attribute.

 14.What is embedded style sheets?
 > It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place

 15.What are the external style sheets?
 >a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.

 16.What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
 > one change to the style sheet will change all linked pages.
   you can create classes of styles that can then be used on many different HTML elements.
   consistent look and feel across multiple web pages.

 17.What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
 > a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be
   selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

 18.What are the media types allowed by CSS? 
 > continuous or paged.
   visual, audio, speech, or tactile.
   grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.
   interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).
   all (includes all media types)

 19.What is the rule set?
 > A table of instructions used by a controlled interface to determine what data is allowable 
   and how the data is handled between interconnected systems.
