1)What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
ans)Top 10 Advantages of Bootstrap for Web Development
Easy initiation. Coding is a hurricane task for a person who is unbeknownst to web development. ...
Responsiveness. ...
Highly customizable. ...
Extremely user-centric. ...
Top-notch support. ...
Cross-browser compatibility. ...
JavaScript plugins to your rescue. ...
Far-reaching popularity.

2)What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
ans)In Bootstrap, container is used to set the content's margins dealing 
  with the responsive behaviors of your layout

3)What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
ans)Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5.
 The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif. 
In addition, all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).

4)What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
ans) Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of 
    containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content

5)What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5
ans)Bootstrap 4 supports both IE 10 and 11. Bootstrap 5 doesn't support IE 10 and 11

6)What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
  ans)“Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create 
   a series of buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or horizontall

7)How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
 ans) Bootstrap - Thumbnails
   Add an <a> tag with the class of . thumbnail around an image.
   This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
   On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.

8)In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
   ans) The biggest difference between Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4
    is that Bootstrap 4 now uses flexbox, instead of floats, to handle the layout.

9)How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
ans)Success! This alert box indicates a successful or positive action.
×Info! This alert box indicates a neutral informative change or action.
×Warning! This alert box indicates a warning that might need attention.
×Danger!

10)What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
ans)In its simplest form, a Bootstrap card is a . 
card class with the . card-body class nested inside.